Add 2.15 docs for authenticated private registries (#1235)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/installation-and-upgrade/other-installation-methods/air-gapped/install-kubernetes.adoc

For more information on private registries configuration file for K3s, refer to the https://rancher.com/docs/k3s/latest/en/installation/private-registry/[K3s documentation.]

[NOTE]
====

> The `registries.yaml` approach configures registry credentials at the node level and is specific to K3s and RKE2. If you are installing Rancher on a different Kubernetes distribution, or if node-level registry configuration is not feasible in your environment, see {xref-install-rancher-ha}#_helm_chart_options_for_air_gap_installations[Helm Chart Options for Air Gap Installations] for an alternative using the `system-default-regsitry` and `system-default-registry-pull-secrets` global settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `registries.yaml` file configures registry credentials at the node level for K3s and RKE2. If you install Rancher on another Kubernetes distribution or cannot configure node-level registries, see {xref-install-rancher-ha}#_helm_chart_options_for_air_gap_installations[Helm Chart Options for Air Gap Installations] to configure credentials using the `system-default-registry` and `system-default-registry-pull-secrets` global settings instead.
```
